Brackets App Cache Buddy
=================

A brackets extension to generate & validate application cache manifests.

To install, place the ```appcache-buddy``` folder inside the ```brackets/src/extensions/user``` folder.

File generation
=====
Open a project in Brackets, and select ```Create App Cache Manifest``` from the ```PROJECT``` menu.

This will create a ```manifest.appcache``` file at the root of your project folder, open it, and paste the generated content inside this document.
Note that you still have to save the file by yourself to actually write the content to disk.

The file contents simply lists the files of your project, excluding those specified by the chosen filters. You can configure those filters by editing the ```config.json``` file located at the root of the extension folder.

If a ```manifest.appcache``` file already exists in this folder, it will not be overwritten: the newly generated cache will be displayed in your developer console, letting you choose how to update your original file.




File validation
=====

You can also validate your app cache using Frederic Hemberger's online Cache Manifest Validator.
http://manifest-validator.com/

Simply choose ```Validate App Cache``` from the ```File``` menu, and a pop up dialog will tell you if the manifest is valid, and if not, what errors were found.

Of course, this will work with any cache manifest file, not only the ones generated by this extension (actually, it will attempt to validate any file currently open in Brackets, even if it's not an app cache manifest…).
